Conditionalize external project urls for different builds - pt4 (#935)
rancher/rancher-product-docs: versions/v2.10/modules/en/pages/integrations/harvester/overview.adoc

:url-virtualization-cluster-network: https://documentation.suse.com/cloudnative/virtualization/{harvester-docs-version}/en/networking/cluster-network.html
:url-virtualization-port-requirements: https://documentation.suse.com/cloudnative/virtualization/{harvester-docs-version}/en/installation-setup/requirements.html#_port_requirements_for_k3s_or_rkerke2_clusters 
:xref-experimental-features: xref:rancher-admin/experimental-features/experimental-features.adoc
:xref-provisioning-drivers: xref:rancher-admin/global-configuration/provisioning-drivers/provisioning-drivers.adoc
endif::[]
ifeval::["{build-type}" == "community"]
:url-virtualization-overview: https://docs.harvesterhci.io/{harvester-docs-version}/
:url-virtualization-node-driver: https://docs.harvesterhci.io/{harvester-docs-version}/rancher/node/node-driver
:url-virtualization-network-requirements: https://docs.harvesterhci.io/{harvester-docs-version}/install/requirements#network-requirements
:url-virtualization-cluster-network: https://docs.harvesterhci.io/{harvester-docs-version}/networking/index

> :url-virtualization-port-requirements: https://docs.harvesterhci.io/{harvester-docs-version}/install/requirements/#port-requirements-for-harvester-nodes

Reviewer: Please check if applicable to other versions.

For SUSE Virtualization the section header also changes depending on the version. Please double check what the attribute in the antora.yml is set to for each docs version set and update accordingly.
- For 1.5, it's `#_port_requirements_for_k3s_or_rkerke2_clusters`.
- For 1.6 and newer, it changes to `#_port_requirements_for_k3s_and_rke2_clusters`.

```suggestion
:url-virtualization-port-requirements: https://docs.harvesterhci.io/{harvester-docs-version}/install/requirements/#port-requirements-for-k3s-or-rke2-clusters
```

Author: @btat Made an update via [1973615](https://github.com/rancher/rancher-product-docs/pull/935/commits/19736156cc6d03fa56601dc3c2152f89c1f16f6c). I updated the Harvester version in the v2.9/antora.yml file b/c 1.4 is EOL and there isn't a 1.4 version in the product docs (product version of these URL will 404).

Reviewer: @LucasSaintarbor this issue (wrong section header) is still present on a number of versions.
